you
hello everybody in the backyard farmer
it's late Wednesday night and I came out
here to check on just see how things are
going on my products is to master my
son's baseball game and I see something
hiding now actually there's two of them
over there I don't know if you're gonna
be able to see you see I ball there's an
eyeball right there zoom out sorry about
that but there is an eye up there's
another eyeball there they are and now
the brave enough to come out I think one
of my beds just thought it's wrong did
but
I think I've found
the hiding spot for my two little
friends now if you guys can help me I'd
like it are these little guys going to
harm my aquaponic system at all are they
going to be beneficial are they going to
hurt the aquaponics what's going to
happen here
I don't want to do anything to try hear
back from everybody on maybe they've
shipped some experiences but I would
like to find out detrimental are not
detrimental to my aquaponics system
sorry it keeps going blurry trying to
zoom in they're persistent and it'd only
be a pretty neat thing
if they can make this a real home maybe
they can keep some of the bugs away I
just don't know if they plants I think
they eat bugs but I'm not sure so please
respond back on your comments let me
know and I'll be real helpful for me so
kind of oblivious to me being here right
now well we're just we hopped a long
ways I don't know where he went well
there he is up on top so let me know
what you think guys and we'll get back
to you where'd you go oh he's out of
here okay okay everybody it's the next
day and it looks like the wind might
have gotten me a little bit last night I
ripped my screen door right off my
aquaponics screened room and it knocked
a board out of my three been composter
and if you can't if you can see it there
at one of my one of my boards are coming
off my chicken coop but I'll fix all
that and we should be good to go here
soon and let me take you in and this
could be a short video this week so I'm
just going to show you a little bit of
the progress on the plants and and that
will make it a short video this week I
think short videos are just as
educational and they're just as powerful
so we'll see how this one goes okay into
the fish tank the goldfish I put in
there which you can see some of them
down there swimming they're doing great
they're doing awesome so i think i'm
free and clear to put some tilapia in
there and i think they're going to do
just fine
these little guys are really doing good
and they love being this big tank swirl
filter is still working really good I
try to get up here so you guys can see
it everything's still collecting down
there at the bottom that's all working
good when my bed just started draining I
can hear it let's see if we can see ok
it's the east bed starting to drain ok
the plants are doing really good they're
they're really taken off I had to use
that seaweed extract and they seem to be
doing really well
and the cucumber over there now what I
did today as I was watching some videos
earlier and I have an hour and a half
drive to work so I watch a lot of
YouTube videos and I planted some seeds
right into the grow beds I'm going to
see what happens if that works cool now
I ask you guys a question earlier last
night about about frogs in the grow bed
and my key to see I've got one right
here here's where he's hiding out today
and see if I can't focus let's lower
inside now right there today which is
great this if you can feel what I'm
feeling it it's almost like a rain force
and here it's nice it's comfortable it's
a little humid not too hot but it's
better than being outside right now so
the first question I have with our frogs
good for aquaponics this the second
question I have is out of my plants that
I have here like the zucchini squash
right here do I have to have a male and
a female go after fertilize this thing
that's one of my questions and then how
do I tell them apart if I do have a male
and a female my second question we're
not my second question but just does
that same does that same question go for
my cucumbers and kind of if you guys
know if you guys know a website where i
can go to where i can find out what
needs to be halt excuse me pollinated
and what doesn't need to be pollinated
so if anybody knows of a website i can
go to to figure this out I Julie
appreciate it and for this week that's
about it I want to sign off this the
backyard farmer and thank you everybody
for watching and look out soon for
another video and we'll
he later died